The release of the revised version of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures
in English language in 2013 had a wonderful impact on the English-speaking world.
As Brother Jackson noted, more than 60 years at past since the release of the first volume
of the New World Translation, and during that time, the English language had changed as
well.
During 2017, the revised version of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures
has been released in some major European languages, such as Italian, originally released
in 1963, Dutch also originally released in 1963, Greek originally released in 1997,
and Hungarian originally released in 2000.
How do the brothers and sisters feel about the revised New World Translation in their
particular language?
The modern language in this revised version of the Bible helped me to understand Bible
passages, because now it flows better and is much simpler.
This helps me to meditate more on what I have just read.
In Numbers 1424, Jehovah speaks to Moses.
In the older version, Jehovah says about Caleb that a different spirit has proved to
be with him.
In the revised version, the verse reads, My servant Caleb thinks differently.
Very clear?
Doesn't need further explanation.
From 7.9, now says that Jehovah examines the hearts and the deepest emotions, whereas
previously it said, He examines the hearts and the kidneys.
Now it's easier to understand.
Besides all the aspects helping to get a better understanding of God's Word, why are
brothers and sisters happy to use this revised version in field service?
In reading the scripture, you can tell people understand it more quickly.
There's less need to explain more, and that's great.
I particularly like the glossary, it's a kind of mini-insight book.
It has been very useful when I study and also in the ministry.
Furthermore I like that at the beginning of the Bible there are 20 introductions that
answer questions that people in the territory often ask, and they have Bible verses and
very nice illustrations, so they are very clear and practical.
To achieve such an awesome result by revising the New World translation, which important
aspects did the translators have to keep in mind?
Thanks to the modern language that is used in the revision, readers can understand most
Bible passages as they read them, without having to stop and read them over again.
This is possible in part because the text is not cluttered with too many words, trying
to copy the Hebrew syntax and style of expression.
Thus, the use of modern language contributes to naturalness and clarity.
The language used in the revision now also allows the emotions of the characters to come
through more vividly.
You straightaway notice when someone is angry or desperate or sad.
Take in Matthew 11 when Jesus invites us to take his yoga upon us.
His warmth is immediately obvious.
In the 2003 edition only one sentence was packed into these seven verses, and its length
was half a column, making it very cumbersome to follow the line of thought.
In the revised Bible, this part was cut into more sentences, so it is easier to grasp
the idea.
Many parents have told us that now when they read the Bible with their children, they
don't have to stop to explain words, but the reading is much more enjoyable.
The revised New World translation will be made available in more languages in the near
future.
We know that Jehovah wants all his people to listen as he speaks to them in clear, understandable
language.
This will help us to come to know Jehovah even better, and our love for him will keep
growing, while we read his word with joy.